fans welcome to call of duty black ops
i'm your host jackass t donkey and i'm
roger raccoon and we're here with a very
special edition of call of duty you're
coming with a team deathmatch where the
carrot crew will be taking on the
martial artists man these guys are
pretty talented care crew of course the
rabbit karate kid rooster mcchicken big
rig fat Ronnie and Rodan everyone up
against a tough tonight at six on
marshall oranges and martial arts
masters here angel lead
Master Steve kickball down real quick
play Johnny calling for medic too late
he isn't dead planning clan wars guys
been playing together for a long time
playing online
names themselves
look at that guy
Coptic killed by that digimaster yeah
he's got a tougher to dangerous
adversary not only is he skilled in
small arms and automatic weapons
but uh
with a nice blade and
these guys fight for their lives
fortier by the sheraton
trying to stick together and flush out
these ninjas yeah but the marshal
they've been here before prepping us all
that buddy get obliterated they don't
have a cocky attitude they know how to
bring the violence
revit going down again
these martial artists got a lot of
fighting spirit
shoot there by revit
got somebody behind them all with the
devastating attack from behind a seat
camping in the corner yeah good strategy
big knife kill there by that ninja
that's dangerous place to be have your
back top not engine take him down
they see that martial arts master
yeah these guys are no knots or even
fight here between Cara karuna martial
artists
Laurens ticking leave now I got the
look at did you jump you jump up onto
the railing but kid drops are rabbit
bloom away as per funny guys have to
speak jigsaw back here
well I gotta jump right over your head
grab it with a lucky till their kid he's
dropping
well here's Action your fans yeah
there's a lot of fighting spirit for
dangerous kid he's got that got pinned
down buddy I think that's a rooster
this guy's got a rooster just went down
there kid of engine
jungle rabbit he's up on top 50 his back
way down kick stick with that guy at
least you cannot see when he gets killed
heads up watch out Michelle's got two
guys downrange able to get one of them
got bring a lot of intensity there
there's a ninja hunter
it's got a fighting spirit gotta kill
all the trees as it kills martial
artists still up by one killed and
bringing a lot of strategy a lot of
violence character really going to have
to pull together pull out a win here
kontakta combination there by chronic
kid and his buddy but he's attacking
behind still a very close match care
crew down taking the lead good job guys
keep it all gonna hang on to this
they're going to overcome and defeat
these martial artists it's all that big
explosion there good kill by carefully
gravity's on the bridge now
look at the free
kid kids down rabbits down oh I got five
alastair crew still maintaining their
lead they just blew big Rick's face off
they're just really close your fans
my shoot there by rabbit but not good
enough it gets cut by a knife in the
back
Belliard
I still there but rabbit chakra last
it is like a ninja
tense exciting action just constant
explosions now very high school
yeah times run out to
r evans got that RPG out food chopper I
want to get smoked by this ninja
assassin right here look on a fire his
eyes dirty attack these guys want to win
they brought their a game but Karen crew
just uh character who's got a pretty
dominating lead right now nice killed it
away doesn't get good to me but care
probably kill their rabbit just a final
kill team page looks and drives here's
rabbit yeah with a big shotgun man
they're just blasting through those
parts then I get to win good job guys
all right native that big blade we're
gonna convince the next round and uh
some trash talking there by one of a
ninja's yeah it sound like a little kid
that's it for this week fans hey guys
tune in next time when we have even more
exciting it's going to be a good show
make sure you tune in make sure you
subscribe next time